[Madam] Beheading
you will be the least
of your fucking concerns.
You run your mouth
like the dog you are.
[Dime] Previously on
All the Queen's Men...
What did you do?
I played chess when your
bitch ass played checkers.
- The condom broke!
- I know you're fucking kidding.
I really appreciate you
being here for me. Tandy.
Times like this. it's good
to know that I have a friend.
[Dime] Whoever has
the most money in front of them
will be your new dancer.
Welcome Quincy!
[cheers and applause]
Call Smoke.
I think it might be
time we introduced him
- to the Concierge.
- Oh. shit.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[line trilling]
[Concierge] Madam!
Rafael...
[Concierge] I take it you
made it back from Juarez safely.
I did. thank you.
Thought you might want to know
that I had a pretty
interesting conversation
with your father-in-law.
right before
I scarecrowed his ass
and left him in the fields
for the crows to pick apart.
You've always been
quite creative with death.
I like that about you.
[Madam] Well. thank you.
Now. if you enjoyed that.
then baby.
you are in for a treat.
because that is
nothing compared to
what I have
in store for your ass.
Blue!
Yes. Madam?
I need that package delivered.
Where's it going?
To the White House.
Lola's outside waiting.
Send her in on your way out.
You want me to leave her alone
in here with you?
The fuck is she gonna do to me?
True.
[door shuts]
[unsettling music]
[knock on door]
[door opens]
Madam. you wanted to see me?
Yes. come in.
Close the door.
Have a seat.
[unsettling music]
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna bite you.
I just wanna talk.
So tell me. um...
how do you enjoy
working for the APD?
It's good.
Long-ass hours. but. you know.
Yeah. well. that is the downside
of working for the law.
So. what if I told you
you don't have to work
those long hours anymore?
I would tell you that
I would like to hear more.
Good.
Then I'll cut to the chase.
I will be in a very unique
position of power soon.
I was wondering if
you would like a promotion.
- A promotion?
- [Madam] Mm-hmm.
Uh. of course!
Oh my god.
- Thank you. Madam.
- Don't thank me yet.
There is something
I need you to do for me.
Okay. what is it?
I like that you're so eager.
That's gonna come in handy.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ They know not to play with me
They know I get it started ♪
♪ Ask me will I take it easy
Told 'em that it's harder ♪
♪ Ask me will I quit
Oh no. sir. I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They're saying
that it's light ♪
♪ But I turn this
bitch to darkness ♪
♪ [The sun] It go up
We don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play 'bout
my dinero [dinero] ♪
♪ Got some gangsters
in the cut [cut now] ♪
♪ And they're doin'
what I say so ♪
All right.
Good to see you.
[dreamy. ethereal music]
Oh. thank you.
"To new beginnings.
"Let's wipe the slate
clean and start over.
Amp."
Uh. thank you. Amp.
These are...beautiful.
You like 'em?
Well. you deserve 'em
and so much more.
you know what I mean?
I hope you don't think I was
just trying to get rid of you.
like just...
I was just a bit
shooken up last night
and just wanted
to get home. so...
It's good. We're good.
And thank you. again. for...
for looking out for me.
It makes me feel good
knowing that someone's
making sure I'm safe.
You know I always got you.
Um...
Would you go on a walk
with me tomorrow?
- A walk.
- Yeah. a walk.
But where?
Don't worry about it.
You know. it's...
it's a surprise.
And I can. um...tell
that you like surprises.
I do.
Good surprises.
I promise
it's gonna be a good one.
So. you. me.
tomorrow. what's up?
Hm? Sounds...mysterious.
Is that a yes?
It is a...yes.
Bet! We've got a date.
Not a date.
Um...
How about this?
How about it is a...
new beginnings/
wipe the slate clean outing?
That sounds better.
[chuckles] Good. cool.
All right. well...I'ma go.
[chuckles]
[knocking on door]
Come in!
Hey. Madam. can I talk
to you for a minute?
Yeah.
I'm not trying to be all up
in your business. you know--
But you're obviously
about to be. What?
I feel like I need to tell
you something about Tandy.
What about Tandy?
She asked me to kill DA Rodds.
Why the fuck would
she ask you to do that?
Well. she said that
you told her to do it.
What. wait?
Tandy told you
I asked her to kill DA Rodds?
Yeah. I mean...
She tried to go through
with it. but she couldn't. so...
she asked me to do it.
Hm.
I mean. look. I don't
know how true it is.
but I just wanted
to let you know.
All right. thank you.
- You know I got you. Madam.
- Mm-hmm. You can go.
No. actually.
uh. come here. Face.
What's up?
What's that for?
'Cause no one likes
snitches. bitch.
Yes. Madam.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[cheers and applause]
♪ There's a meeting in my bed
♪ In my bed
♪ My bed
♪ There's a meeting in my bed
♪ In my bed
♪ In it for two.
that's me and you ♪
♪ That's very simple
♪ Then I removed.
okay we through ♪
♪ But I ain't finished yet
♪ Can I slide with you
Spend the night with you ♪
♪ Just let me write in the ink
drippin' from my signature ♪
They just really love
this yellow nigga.
[cheers and applause]
Spending their whole
paycheck on the stage.
[cheers and applause]
So what's going
on with y'all two?
Trying to make
something happen or what?
It happened.
What you mean. it happened?
[cheers and applause]
You and Big D smashed?
Girl. lower your voice.
Why you ain't say anything?
'Cause I don't be
havin' my business
out in the streets like that.
You know I wouldn't go
runnin' off my mouth.
I know.
Look. I woulda said something
if it didn't happen so...
[cheers and applause]
[Dime] ...fast.
Fast?
That nigga been
pushin' up on you
since he walked
through that door.
No. not fast like
that. fast like...
Quick. Like. quick.
Like. whoo!
Look and it's over.
♪ Nah. nah. nah. nah. nah
[cheers and applause]
My vaccination shot
lasted longer. girl.
That's why
I only deal with women.
They don't got that problem.
Blue? That's not why
you deal with women.
Yeah.
Is that why
he got you the flowers?
Just to apologize?
The flowers are not from Big D.
They're from Amp.
Mm.
He still on that?
Yeah. he's working
real hard to get me back.
Word of advice when
it comes to Amp--be careful.
He's come a long way
since he got out of jail.
but he's still got a ways to go.
Yeah. I know.
Well. as long as we're clear.
Crystal. Thank you. Blue.
Anytime.
[indistinct chatter]
[cricket chirping]
[police radio chatter]
[phone ringing]
[ethereal music]
[music turns sinister]
[code pad beeping. buzzer]
[sinister music]
- Detective Davis.
- Willmont.
- Hey!
- It's good to see you.
- Good to see you.
You're here kinda
late. aren't you?
You know. just wrapping up.
[Davis] All right. well.
you know what they say--
all work and no play--
Gets you
the promotion you deserve?
Uh. something like that.
- You have a good night.
- You too.
[sinister music]
[police radio chatter]
[beeping]
[buzzer]
[laidback music]
Man. it feels good to be home.
Man. nah. for real.
There's nothin' like
chilling in your crib.
sleeping in your own bed.
and washing your ass
in your own damn shower.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
Yo...
You smell that?
Nah. what is it?
That sweet. sweet smell
of freedom. baby.
[laughs]
Nigga. I thought you farted!
You crazy. you know that?
Nah. but the good news is.
I'm just happy to be
outta that safehouse.
But you know what I mean.
You got out before I did. so...
Yeah. lucky. I guess.
Well. if Madam let us go home.
then the Black Rock Boys must
not be lookin' for us anymore.
- So we good.
- Yeah.
I don't think
we have to worry about
the Black Rock Boys anymore.
But hey. they got some
new amateurs at the club.
New amateurs? For real?
[Trouble] Yeah.
Are they any good. though?
Or are they trash?
Eh...they aight.
But you know they ain't bringin'
no heat like me. nigga.
Like us. nigga!
Whatcha talkin' 'bout?
You right.
The good news is.
if they're hiring new amateurs.
they must be bumping us
up on the streets. huh?
Yeah...maybe.
- You know. but look. roll up.
- Yeah. let's get it.
Get this. mm.
[dark music]
[applause]
Thank you so much.
[applause continues]
Thank you. thank you.
So nice to meet you.
[tense music]
[indistinct chatter]
Madam.
H-how are you?
I'm great. Tandy.
Thank you for asking.
Well. I see you're on
the campaign trails.
Nice.
At least you're doing
something I asked you to do.
I. um...
I've been meaning
to get back to you.
Have you?
Well. you see.
that's strange because
I don't have
a missed call from you.
[Tandy] Madam. can we--
can we talk about
this another time?
[Madam] Why would we talk about
it at another time. Tandy?
I'm here right now.
Because we don't need
any bad publicity.
And my opponent
is gaining on me.
There's just a lot going on--
I know. it's fine.
You don't have to
worry about it.
And there are photographers...
and reporters...
[chuckles]
There are lots of people here.
What do you think
I'm gonna do with you. huh?
Kill you?
I don't know what you might do.
Good.
That's how I like it.
The next time I ask
you to do something.
do not ask one of my fucking
dancers to do it for you.
[indistinct chatter]
- I know.
- What?
And I'm sorry.
As you can tell.
there are a lot of eyes on me
now that I'm running for mayor.
I'm having a hard time
making it happen.
Shut up. you fucking coward.
Get the shit done
before this election is over
or you're done. Got it?
Yes. Madam.
Good.
I'm glad we have
an understanding.
See you later.
[indistinct chatter]
[laidback music]
[knocking on door]
[unsettling music]
Get your ass in here!
[laughs]
Ah. what is up. Payne?
Aw. sit your ass down!
[laughter]
All right.
Looks like you've upgraded from
the hole we shared
in Afghanistan.
Yeah. it's all right.
So how did you find me?
Come on. now.
You ain't make it easy. but...
I got the same training as you!
Yeah. right.
You're not gonna ask
why I'm in dress blues?
I only wear mine
at funerals. so...
who died?
Jamal Thomas.
Packie?
- What?
- [Williams] Yeah.
How?
Ate his gun.
Shit.
He was struggling with
PTSD for a long time.
I tried to get him to go
to my therapist. but you know--
Your therapist?
Yeah. why are you so surprised?
You're one of
the strongest people I know.
Yeah. well. with all
the shit we saw over there.
being strong all the time
can really break a bitch.
You still havin' episodes?
Not in a while.
Have you talked
to anybody about it?
Shit. no. Not for me.
I got it handled.
Yeah. well. Packie thought
he had it handled too.
But I-I'm telling you...
being able to
vocalize everything
that I've gone through
has really helped
me to release it.
Speaking of releasing...
this is for you.
What is it?
Packie.
His ashes--
well. most of it.
You were like a sister to him
and he wanted you
to have something
to remember him by.
[unnerving music]
So. uh...
Let me get the hell
up out of here.
let you process this shit.
I know how much
you like your space.
Um...
I'm staying at the Dormir Inn.
If you wanna talk...
I'd love to hang out
before I leave.
[music becomes tender]
Yeah. I'll get up
with you later.
Yeah.
[door shuts]
[music becomes pensive]
[birds chirping]
Oh my god. Amp. it's...
it's beautiful.
You like it?
I love it. [laughs]
Aight.
Then have a seat. m'lady.
[indistinct chatter]
When did you even have
the time to do all this?
Don't be worrying
about all that.
I have my ways.
And...
I paid the homeless dude over
there a bill
so him and homies
won't steal our food.
[phone ringing]
[puts on silent]
Why didn't you answer it?
Because we're here.
You're more important.
And because
it's a blocked call. Dime.
You know--
You know I don't answer
unknown calls
from unknown callers. right?
Mm-hmm.
[Amp] You don't believe me?
No. but whatever.
Okay.
Now. where's the fried chicken?
How you know we got
some fried chicken?
[chuckles] 'Cause we're Black
and there's a picnic.
there's gonna be chicken--
fried chicken. to be exact.
You know. I gotta keep
the ass for Madam.
but. um. sometime
I can jusssssst...
Gee. what's that?
My favorite.
Pull it out. What you get?
Spicy. I want a breast.
Can I feed it you?
Is that cool?
On the plate. Thank you.
On the plate. all right.
One day at a time.
[laidback music]
[traffic]
Thank you. Madam.
for meeting me.
No problem.
Sit down.
What's up?
[music turns tense]
Do you...you remember
that smash and kill
you helped clean off of me?
Yes.
Why?
I need to know what
your cleaners did to her body.
For what?
[traffic]
Her old man wants closure.
Shit. so do I.
Fuego. you do not need to
go dredging up the past. okay?
Nigga. let this shit go.
I can't. Madam.
Besides. they wanna
give her a proper burial.
So essentially you are
asking me to undo some shit
that I already did for you?
Look. I know.
I know. and trust me. I--
I hate to ask this. but...
she was their only daughter.
[ethereal music]
[traffic]
I'll make a call.
See what I can find.
- Thank you.
- Mm-mm. don't thank me.
I'm not making any promises.
[ethereal music]
[traffic]
[upbeat music]
[Midnight] What's my name?
Midnight.
- Scream that shit.
- Midnight!
- Spell that shit!
- Huh?
You heard me!
M-I-D-N-I-G-H-T...
Goddamn. that smart
shit turnin' me on!
[breathing slows]
Oh! It's in my stomach.
Just like I like it.
Mm...
Choke me.
Oh shit. say less.
[Renee] Harder.
If I choke you any harder.
you won't be able to breathe.
Oh yeah.
I heard that feels good.
That's what you want.
- Doesn't that feel good?
- [Renee] Yes!
Say please.
Please. please. choke me!
[Midnight grunts]
Ooh. shit!
[giggles]
[heavy breathing]
[Midnight grunts]
- Hey. hey.
- Thank you.
How much do I owe you?
[laughs] Are you serious?
You really expect me to actually
let you pay
for your own ice cream?
I mean. I expected you
to do a lot of things. but...
Let's just say you've been.
you know. unpredictable.
You know. you could say I was...
keeping it fresh.
[laughs]
I need reliability.
Someone I can count on?
Someone I knowI can count on.
You deserve that.
I've earned it.
I've been there for you
whenever you've needed me.
Yeah. and Dime.
look. all I wanna do
is be there for you. too.
I'm the one
that messed things up.
Definitely an understatement.
Hey...
[tender music]
Allow me a second chance.
Please?
Allow me to actually be
the man that you deserve
and so much more.
Okay. um. well.
I know you're trying.
You know. your actions
are showing me that.
And my words are
definitely saying it to you.
I'm never gonna
let you down again.
I promise.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
This is gonna work
between us this time.
- Look at me.
- Look. I'm open...
to seeing if we can
get back to where we were.
[birds chirping]
[tender music]
- Serious?
- Yeah.
[chuckles]
Baby steps.
[laughs]
- Baby steps.
- Mm-hmm.
Baby steps.
You lead. I'll follow.
[laughs] Good.
[laidback music]
- Hey.
- Hey. Madam.
Do you have my prescription?
No. Madam.
I'm sorry.
I don't think
you heard what I asked.
The doctor denied it.
[indistinct chatter]
Okay...
Well. do I have any
pills in my office?
I don't think so. Madam.
[indistinct chatter]
Bring Dr. Fong
to me--tonight.
Now. if he acts like
he doesn't wanna come--
He'll be there.
[indistinct chatter]
Here. eat this.
I've lost my fuckin' appetite.
I know they lyin'.
Think I'm about to eat this
branzino without caper butter.
Stop actin' so bougie. Tommy.
[indistinct chatter]
[darker music]
[suspenseful music]
Look at this bitch.
So what do you have?
There's a key code scanner
and a code recognition device.
The shift changes at 12:25 AM.
so no one will be
in the evidence locker
for five minutes.
[Tommy] Five minutes?
That's all?
That's all we need.
It's still
a police station. though.
I don't know if I can
get y'all what y'all want
without getting caught.
First of all. if you
cannot do what I need you to do.
then maybe I asked
the wrong person to help--
No. no. Madam. I can do it.
I just wanted to manage
your expectations. is all.
Bitch. I don't need you
to manage shit for me.
You have one job--
get the fuckin' shirt.
I will do everything else.
Okay.
And?
[indistinct chatter]
And what?
Well. you said "first"
like you were gonna make a list.
so what's second?
Second. do not get caught. Lola.
Third. get a better wig.
Fourth. get
the fuck out of my face.
- You want a five?
- No. ma'am.
[sinister music]
[upbeat music]
- Wanna do more time?
- Hell no!
Can we please take a--
[Both] Whoa!
Watch where you go.
believe that motherfucker!
[Williams] Let it go.
He probably didn't see
where he was going.
Eh. don't sound like
the Williams I know.
Yeah. well. accidents happen.
Do you know I watched you
shoot a man in his toe
for not covering his sneeze?
That shit was nasty as fuck!
But now that I'm older.
I can see
I overreacted back then.
I don't think you did.
He sneezed over my food.
I'da shot him in
a better place than his toe.
[laughter]
Yeah. well...I was dealing
with a lot of hurt back then.
I was angry.
But after talking it
through with someone.
I realized that holding
on to all of that anger
was hurting me more
than anything else.
so I'm learning to let it go.
So that's how
you're rolling now?
Yeah. pretty much!
Eh. not me.
I'm gonna chase
that motherfucker down.
'Scuse me!
Damn!
[dark music]
[cheers and applause]
Yeah. what's good?
Quincy.
Rayshon. You new?
Hell yeah.
It's my first full day.
Hey. congrats. bro.
Welcome.
Appreciate you. appreciate you.
Ah. look what the wind blew in.
My guy!
Good to see you.
Glad to have you back. bro.
I missed you!
Hey. y'all.
this right here is Quincy.
Who are you?
Quincy.
[cheers and applause from club]
And?
[chortles] And what?
Nigga. don't "and what" me!
Nigga. where are
you from. who are you.
and why your corny-lookin'
ass even in here?
Damn. you've got
a lot of fucking questions.
And yet none of them
been answered. homie.
Trouble.
Madam wanna see you.
Now.
To be continued.
Funny-lookin' nigga.
Fuck! I wasn't planning on
dying today.
Relax! Madam's just
probably gonna give you shit
for what you did to
the Black Rock Boys over there.
Yeah right.
[unsettling music]
[door opens]
[Fuego] You wanted
to see me. Madam?
Yes.
There's a trucking route
that I need you to track for me.
All the information
is right there.
No problem. Is that all?
[Madam]
No. there's something else.
Sure. what is it?
Do you have your computer?
I never leave home without it.
Good.
I'll give you details later.
[Fuego] Okay. I'll be ready.
Thank you.
I'll get you that truck route.
in a few.
[cheers and music from club]
You wanted to see me. Madam?
Yeah. Trouble...
You never got back to me
on how you gonna handle
this Champ situation.
Um...
I didn't know I was handling it.
Well. weren't you
the one that said that
it was Champ's idea.
so he should be the one to pay?
- Yeah. it was.
- Great.
So how is he gonna pay?
Are you asking me what
I think you should do to him?
Trouble. are you a real bitch?
Yeah. you know it. Of course.
Okay. well. real bitches
handle their own shit.
Oh. I just thought you
had made plans already. so...
I haven't.
[Trouble] Okay. well. I do.
I just...
I just wanted to
check in with you first
before I handled it.
I'll handle it.
You do that.
Whatever you decide to do.
don't do the shit in my club.
Okay?
Yes. Madam.
Do not sit in front
of me lookin' like
a fuckin' bobblehead. Go.
- Yes. Madam.
- Thank you.
[cheers and music from club]
Tommy!
[sinister music]
Yes. Madam.
Do me a favor.
Call Smoke.
Let him know
I can use his services.
Right away. Madam.
It's time that the
Concierge realizes
he has fucked with
the wrong bitch.
[door opens]
[cheers and music from club]
[door shuts]
[suspenseful music]
[sirens wailing]
[police radio chatter]
[laughs]
Judge Walters.
it's really good to see you.
Detective Davis.
I trust you're well?
I'm phenomenal
now that I see you.
Thank you so much
for coming out tonight.
Hey. no problem.
I'm really sorry for having
you come out so late tonight.
but time is of
the essence with this one.
I need you to sign off
on this arrest warrant.
[police radio chatter]
Marilyn DeVille?
You better have
an airtight case against her
'cause she's a slippery one.
She's not
getting away this time.
not if I've got
anything to do with it.
Hm.
Good luck. Detective Davis.
You're gonna need it.
Who needs luck when
you've got all the evidence?
Anybody going up against Madam.
Is that all?
Yeah.
Thank you so much again
for coming out tonight.
Yeah. you're welcome.
You have a good night.
Oh. I'm gonna have
a great night.
[dials phone]
[line trilling]
[laidback music]
This bitch Tandy
can't do shit right.
That fuckin' DA. I know
that bitch up to something.
I can feel it.
Madam. don't take
this the wrong way.
but maybe Tandy
keeping her hands clean
is what is best.
Why? 'Cause she gonna
be the mayor?
She's not reliable.
And if she doesn't
follow through.
that can hurt you
in the long run.
[door opens]
Madam. I have
Dr. Fong to see you.
Great.
Good evening. Dr. Fong.
Please. have a seat.
[tense music]
Now. do you know why
you're here this evening?
I have some idea.
Good.
Well. please tell me
what you're thinking
because I wanna make sure
that this conversation
between you and I is very clear.
I. uh--I presume this
has something to do with
- your prescription.
- [Madam] Correct.
Now. I understand
that you decided
not to fill
my prescription anymore?
Is that correct?
- Ah. um. Madam--
- No. no. no.
That's a yes or a no question.
[cheers and applause from club]
Look. I'm sorry. Madam.
but I'm not going to be able
to give you your pills anymore.
The police are threatening
to take my license.
I'm sorry. uh.
what is it about me
that makes you think I give
a fuck about your license?
Well. you can't expect me
to threaten my livelihood
over the wants of one patient.
I can't?
Oh. okay.
Tommy. what is
my least favorite word?
No.
Right.
What's my second
least favorite word?
Can't.
Now. you see. Dr. Fong.
you are gonna turn into
a can-do motherfucker
before the end of the night
or you and I
will have a problem.
[stammers] But Madam--
Do you understand
what I just said?
Y-yes. Madam.
Good.
You can go.
[music crescendos]
[cheers and applause from club]
[dark music]
Okay. that should do it.
The lights are out.
[suspenseful music]
[beeping]
[buzzer]
[police radio chatter]
[suspenseful music]
Got it!
Shit!
This back-up generator's
almost instantaneous!
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
Shit. shit.
[laidback music]
Hey. yo. my man!
Let me get those keys!
[crickets chirping]
What you talkin' about?
The keys! To the rig.
[Trucker]
Get out of here. man!
We can do this the hard way.
[gunfire]
I said the keys to the rig!
[mellow music]
[indistinct chatter]
Say. bruh. let me
ask you something.
How you like
workin' here so far?
I mean. I like it so far.
Women that's comin'
in are real cool.
Yeah. they pretty chill.
Some of them are into
some weird stuff. though.
Gotta watch out for that.
Nah. for sure.
But it wouldn't be no strip club
if there ain't
no weird shit going on.
[laughter]
No. I guess
you're right. you're right.
But you know.
for the most part. tips is good.
Best in town.
Yeah. the money been flowin'.
But I was thinking. it can't
be like this every night.
Pretty much.
[Quincy] You're bullshitting.
No. I mean.
you know. for the most part.
We have our slow nights.
but always take home at least
half a grand after tip-out.
Damn! That's straight. though.
Mm-hmm.
Everybody's cool.
even the dancers.
Well. most of the dancers.
Some of them definitely ain't.
It's work though.
It's always some drama goin' on.
Shit. it wouldn't be work if
ain't nobody beefin' for real.
Yeah. I guess.
Damn. nigga. you good?
Nah. I--[stammers]
Some of the VIPs
is real cool. but one ain't.
Babyface. He ain't at all.
You make sure
you stay away from them.
I wish somebody had warned me
when I first got here.
and that's why I'm warning you.
Babyface. huh?
It's good to know.
[mischievous music]
[music turns suspenseful]
It's gone.
It's all gone.
Okay. Madam.
Okay.
[Man] Boss. you're
gonna wanna see this.
[suspenseful music]
[laidback music]
[indistinct chatter]
Now. do you think I like
cleanin' up after your ass. Doc?
Because I don't.
I'm sorry. Madam.
Here. got your shit
out of evidence.
How did you--
You know better
than to ask me that.
Now. Doc. this is
the last fuckin' time
I wanna hear anything about
this fuckin' shirt. got it?
Got it. Thanks. Madam.
Madam. you gotta come outside.
There's a bunch of cops outside
surrounding the building.
[Madam] What the hell?
[suspenseful music]
Detective Davis.
Are you back here for
some more Doc dick. I presume?
The dick was good.
But this is gonna
give me a much bigger orgasm.
Marilyn DeVille.
you're under arrest
for accessory to murder.
[gasping]
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can
and will be used against you
in a court of law.
You fuckin' bitch.
Did you have to do this here
in front of all these people?
Back the fuck up off me.
Madam. you better
call your bulldog
before I taze him.
Stand down. Tommy.
But Madam...
Have Blue call Lovett.
Do what I said.
You heard her.
You gonna pay for
this shit. bitch.
Not before you take
this walk of shame
in front of everybody
who worships you.
Let's go. bitch.
Pardon the distraction. ladies.
I will be back soon.
Enjoy your evening until then.
♪ They so phony
♪ Remember that
one bitch call me ♪
♪ Niggas get mad 'cause
they just can't own me ♪
♪ Pressure every time
they scroll me ♪
Mm. full house. baby!
Tearin' that ass up today.
let's go!
Yeah. all right.
I'm just having
a hard time focusing. I guess.
You know...
Ah. you're worried
about Madam. huh?
I told you.
don't worry about Madam.
Listen. she just
probably thinking about
what happened the other day.
Give her some time.
Honestly. you didn't even
tell me what happened.
Nothing. She just got
in my ass about the robbery.
You know.
That mean she probably gonna get
in my ass too about last night.
Nah. I don't--I don't think you
have to worry about that at all.
I ain't worried.
And just like I said. man.
don't worry about it.
Don't think about
that stuff. man.
I got you.
Let's focus on this game. bruh.
Come on. let's get it.
Yeah. I will. I just. um...
I just--I just need a second.
Ah. let me go use
the restroom real quick.
All right. cool. cool.
That's fine.
Don't be lookin' at
my cards neither. nigga.
Shit. no. I promise.
I got you.
I won't look at 'em.
[laughs]
[door shuts]
[sinister music]
Uh-huh.
Hey. you want a drink?
[Trouble] Yeah. Like. yeah.
go ahead and get me one!
I got you.
[sinister music]
[bottle clanging]
[pouring drink]
[dramatic music]
[grunting. struggling]
It was either you or me. Champ!
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry...
[Champ struggles]
[sinister music]
[hip-hop music]
[music]
♪ Hallelujah
♪ Happy to know ya
[fast-paced rapping]
♪ I hold all the cards
♪ Keys to the city.
the money. the riches ♪
♪ They don't know
where I got 'em ♪
[fast-paced rapping]
[music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm